# CS-320
Software Test Automation

•	How can I ensure that my code, program, or software is functional and secure?
  There isn’t any single way to ensure your project is secure, rather there is a variety of ways that you can make it more secure.  Peer reviews can help by having someone else review your code to look for potential issues. Linting can help by identifying code smells you may not have noticed. Unit test can help by testing the individual components of your application.  Automation tests can help by testing how the application handles all together. FOSS scans, Fortify scans ect. can also help identify any additional areas of vulnerability.   I don’t believe any code will be 100% secure but by following a rigorous process of testing and correcting errors you can minimize the chance of any incident. 

•	How do I interpret user needs and incorporate them into a program?
  Ideally interpreting user needs would take place iteratively.  Meaning, when a user says that they need personalization options, as developers we may think Oh great we can add account icons, nicknames, custom color layouts ect but to really understand the customer we need to listen to what they need and ask open ended and probing questions to find out what they actually are.  Once we can identify a need we can prototype what that implementation would look like and begin building the functionality.  While building it is important to often refer back to what exactly the requirement is and to understand what it entails.  Once you have a working, tested solution present it to the user again, get their feedback, and adjust accordingly. 

•	How do I approach designing software?
  I approach designing software by asking questions about the requirements. If we need a contactService, what is that service going to be doing, will it need to pass data with any other classes, how can I test this, will implementing this affect any other components.  No matter how much you plan though during development you will occasionally run into things that you are not expecting, that’s where my second approach comes in.  Problem solving mentality.  You will run into things you have never seen before, implementations that make no sense to you, bad code and uncommented huge functions. So I find that being prepared to be thrown off and challenged is very beneficial.
